Add 'usermap' option to authorisation module to avoid linked column in Users table (#516)
anvilistas/anvil-extras: CHANGELOG.md

## Minor Changes
* designer hints - add some designer hints to components
  https://github.com/anvilistas/anvil-extras/pull/512

> * authorisation - added config option to choose table name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* authorisation - added config option to avoid adding a roles column to the users table
```
